As a leader, I would like to express my gratitude to all the students who participated in this event.
I would like to express my gratitude to all the students who participated in this event.
Today, we have established a comprehensive education system,
established the country's most efficient,
the largest, the most professional,
the most mainstream,
the most scientific,
and the most social service.
In addition,
the global energy region has changed deeply.
Green low-carbon transportation is a major need.
Because of climate change,
China has established the world's largest, fastest-growing, renewable energy system, new
energy vehicles, lithium-ion batteries, power plants, etc.
China has established the world's largest, fastest-growing, renewable energy system, new
to build regional clean-up and human-to-human communication platforms
with the support of the Chinese Communist Party.
Combining the advantages of high-efficiency education
with the experience of the industrial development of the Chinese Communist Party,
we have designed a comprehensive research and development system
that is dedicated to students,
and a comprehensive research and development system
and other policy-making technologies.
Therefore, we have cooperated with a multi-billion-dollar conversation
and a special discussion
to invite experts and students to face-to-face
the final result and the solution.
In the world,
we will organize a series of training courses.
Everyone will enter the ancient energy field,
enter the national energy co-operative number
of the sea mountain division project,
to learn more about the history of Chinese modern Chinese culture.
In addition, the cultural experience is accompanied by the special events such as the flight to China and China-Fu,
allowing everyone to experience the culture of the Ming and Yue dynasties,
and to learn about the history of Latin and Jin dynasties.
Dear students, dear friends,
Dear friends, this research trip is about to begin.
With this opportunity, I would like to ask you to take three steps forward.
The first is to study hard and do what you can.
I hope you will cherish the opportunity to study hard,
take the opportunity to ask questions and combine them with practical thinking,
and fully absorb the previous year's theory and the advanced experience
to truly do what you can and what you can't.
二是坦诚交流,互学互见,希望大家能够充分地利用课堂的研讨,工作环,与课余的交流机会,主动地分享各自经济体的发展经验与创新的实践,在对话中扩散国际誓言,在议判中凝聚。
The third is to use science as a bridge for deepening cooperation.
I hope that with this new generation of research and development,
we can build a bridge of long-term exchanges between the economy and the economy,
and pursue the cooperation of the industrial industry,
talent development, and human resources in the future.
We will also develop for the new generation of Asian people.
Ladies, gentlemen, friends,
Friends, the development of high-quality green energy in the energy-connected world is our common goal and pursuit.
Huamei University of Technology is willing to use this research as a starting point,
to continue deepening exchanges and cooperation with the energy-connected body and cooperation units,
to share green development opportunities, and to face the challenge of transformation.
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to all the students who have studied and enjoyed their life in Fuzhou.